Pizza Dough
Make night before pizza night
* 3 1/2 to 4 cups bread flour (I like bread flour, makes it better all around)
* 1 tsp sugar.
* 1 envelope instant dry yeast.
* 2 tsp salt.
* 1 1/2 cups water, 110 degrees F.
* 2 tbs olive oil
put like half cup water, yeast and sugar in a cup and stir, let it get foamy to make sure yeast is alive and well, should only take a couple minutes. In the mean time mix everything in a bowl, toss in yeast slurry. mix form a dough ball. you may need to add more water or flour to get it to the point. Move ball into a well coated in olive oil large bowl and let rise for a few hours. Cover and place in fridge for like 20+ hours.

Pizza Day
1. turn on oven to hot as it goes, 550 for me, move cooking rack as high as it goes.
2. roll out dough on counter, use flour or cornmeal so it does not stick, I prefer cornmeal.
3. I cook on an 18" round baking sheet, Move dough to that and "pinch and roll" edges if you want

Toppings
Sauce
For sauce you will need 1-2 cups worth, make your own or buy it. Sauce is easy to make and everyone's grandma has the best recipe so google around and find what you like, doesn't even have to be tomato base. As far as pre made options, I like clasico brand and one jar is pretty much an okay amount, could be a little more for my taste but w/e.

Pepperoni & Garlic
Pepperoni in this picture is one stick that was cut to about 1/8" thick slices. I enjoy sauteing up garlic cloves whole and tossing them on the pizza too. I use two whole heads? (about a cup of cloves) of garlic for a pizza this size, yes you can smell my breath from here, yes it's amazing. saute in butter until a little past golden and tender.

Cheese
A pizza this size needs between half a lb and a full lb of cheese, the one pictured is 1/2lb mozz with a quarter cup or so parm.

Cooking
By now your oven should be hot as hell, go ahead and toss this pan in the hot rack, slam the door shut and pour some wine. Take a look in 12 minutes and go from there this one took like 14 IIRC. Different pans and different altitudes along with different amounts of sauce and cheese play a big role.

Notes
Anyway that's pretty much it, pizza is stupid cheap and easy to make. Just make sure to make the dough the day before or it will be super springy and be a PITA to roll out and won't taste as good.
